and is usually divided here
no jc online and this time we are playing
here in the broad xbox and I have my
corinthians some professionals that
is new to xbox live or 10 or 9 and let's
play and today a mega inverted ramp and
today climbed the field we're going down
lamana is interesting in also want
see how to take to get the use of the
next they travel that even though we do not have
money to buy the actors I
I'll post tomorrow I know I'm going
gain will therefore out of here that will
earns 200 dollars there in profit of the
cup or the producer maquiné mano
come on, I'll play in the mood
ghost but it would not be a bitch
in good and bad words we left the front
Here everybody's to the next sector
religion and seven custom vehicles
I 'm not even going to search but you're just waiting.
I do not know what I'm looking for here
looking at that fire bill
Look how nice this is a galera that
time old now hot leaves
cart leaning plateau and stay longer
far from what I paid in the beef needle is
fall fast right
The faster we hit the ground.
the bigger it gets as fast as the internet
Oops, there goes an opinion 11 for
lie on the stretcher and here, fucking ear
fall from a height of 10 m which
it happens there will be the car's breeze
Okay, the internet is very shielded. It's medium.
human
the car is armored toast toast
fall there I every day that you give
A fool my son you give a
No, my dear, you're going to be
cheated the guy gave silly and was
deviated can stay in first let's go
overtake him in overcoming
entering only looks only looks wheel
Stranded I'll get your back
when he overdid it licked bic goes
Mom was everything very fast very fast
prepare and do not spin there not not there
I got to turn in hand I was going to stay there
fit small piece is swirled vie for
first place with this guy here
disputing
the first position with boy and boy
Alloy Plated and White Environments can not
win but the next driver of the love one
Look at the bitch almost left the spokeswoman for
curve very well physically
I surpassed the most beautiful curve I've ever
We saw in your life but surpassed in
bow more biutiful rock that left the
put in the way he does is leave the
car post and hit the post took
took the resume and boy on the bridge
in this good thing good last week here
it's not the good thing and I thought it was
up there did not say my god will pass
of course but the good neighbor
note that not where we already took passes
of the checkpoint and look pretty well upset
I was going to cry in a fetal position under the
my table now as it was still yesterday
one sure that goes there doctor next
kayak in the morgue zinho does not stand aside
in the championship not that it is dangerous no longer
it is dangerous not only in Brazil and copy of
a fax letter sent up can create
here in that generation when you stay
spectators if someone plays you
in a spy helicopter can have its
helicopter here a height has a height
you can go down but stay with
Helicopter accompanied the guys there in
You only have one text, but I'm
connected always because of the context
spectator faces by helicopter and
and fucking bastard or just turning over in
final and danger and look, we just won hand
or not the rubbish in the kids' flow
insane big biba good one crazy
jonathan xbox agent or extended
good it's like that got the score
Hey, kid, we finished first the guy.
We arrived and arrived at eight seconds
the people , and not leave but we will not until the
xbox the year we won the $ 40 with
bet understood as phase gathering money
to buy our in barrels invented
next missing little but missing some more
four five years here we can
But that's it, I hope you have
liked it liked to explain in
little as always thumbs up for
top
clicked it 's on the channel here more
also not to lose our videos
my social networks are there
description of the video and do not forget
I'm going to create the new xbox commands
one of gleision Wednesday on Saturday now
so even getting in is smart and
Saturday afternoon I 'm going to release the video
disclosing them problem and we will
Next video and closed the goal